# Project Description:

#### A key task in the development of an intelligent traffic system has been the identification of a vehicle's category based only on footage from security cameras. There are obstacles to fine-grained automobile recognition partly because photographs of different classes of cars sometimes look quite like one another. In addition, unlike other types of object identification, automobile recognition has a huge number of car models, which makes fine-grained car recognition both crucial and difficult. Training a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) on a huge dataset has been the focus of recent studies. These approaches often just consider automobiles, which might lead to subpar results when trying to train a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) to integrate data from a variety of sources. To tackle this problem, we conduct in-depth evaluations of various automobile features, with special emphasis on the significance of vehicle fronts in fine-grained automobile recognition. This project aims to train and evaluate a multi-class classification model to classify distinct vehicle types and well-known vehicle models using images from Carvana, a Phoenix-based online used car store.

This will be performed by using a web scraping algorithms, online resources, and infrastructure camera videos that will retrieve and label images of a car model from the Carvana website from various viewpoints. Carvana features 64 distinct view angles of a certain vehicle model on average. This allows for the development of a dataset divided into train, test, and validation segments, which may then be used to train a classifier. This dataset will be used to develop and train multiple CNN models, which will then be fine-tuned to improve precision. This model's accuracy will then be tested on validation  images to determine which one performs the best. The completed model may then be used to precisely classify the vehicle model and type.


#### Keywords: VGG16, VGG11, InceptionV4, & Beautiful soap.
